hi my name is Lucas welcome to Omnitech
news dotnet today we're going to be
reviewing the Wacom Intuos 4 small
edition so this is the intimus for
graphics tablet from Wacom it's great
tablet and it's very affordable to the
Intuos 4 comes in four sizes which are
small medium large and extra-large the
small tablet costs $2.99 the medium is
349 the largest 469 and the extra-large
is 789 so the design of the tablet is
really nice it's it's it's very thin and
light and sleek it's very thin it's only
about 2 pounds so you can see it's got 3
Express keys on the top through Express
keys on the bottom you've got a nice
touch ring right here which can control
up to 4 different functions in each
application it's got your nice active
area here and it's got that cord that
goes this way if you if you're
left-handed you can plug in the
different cord the pen is also very
nicely designed you can change the ID
ring there's a ton of different nibs and
stuff there's two buttons here the
erasers nice the barrel is very nice it
also comes with a fat barrel which I
don't actually have with me right now
you also have the the pen the pen holder
and the pen nib holder you open this
upright right there and it's got extra
nibs replacement nibs it's got the nib
extractor right there which allows you
to taken about and and put a new one in
I'll just set this off to the side there
and so yeah the design is very great we
give the design a 9 out of 10 because
this little section of the device here
gathers fingerprints very very easily if
they had done more of a matte design
over here like they have here as opposed
to this very glossy finish I think I
would have liked the design quite a bit
better so the next category is pen input
which is obviously very important seeing
it as a pen tablet so the pen input is
amazing we give the pen input a 10 out
of 10
pen input is great you've got 2048
levels pressure sensitivity which is
great so if I open up the GIMP here you
can see we can draw with that pressure
sensitivity
can fade it out make it bigger fade it
out you also have the eraser tool on the
back end of the brush or the pen rather
and you also have pressure sensitivity
on the eraser so you can go in and erase
things with pressure sensitivity which
is really nice so we give the pen input
a 10 out of 10 it's really great pen
input it's great for drawing writing
notes and everything so we give the pen
input a 10 out of 10
great great pen input from Wacom next
category is software it has some cool
software that comes with it that helps
you do some cool designs and stuff and
help you take advantage of your your
actual tablet and the answer is yes it
comes with some great software confer
configuring your tablet it's definitely
not it's not the best software I think
the interface could be a little bit
better as you can see here is kind of
just a regular interface I think it
could be a little bit a little bit more
pizzazz to it I think the the Intuos 4
also comes with the Wacom bundled
software download program thing which
allows you to download free software
from companies like Adobe and Autodesk
and Correll so you can download like
Adobe Photoshop Elements for free and
stuff and you can get some other cool
pieces of software for free so we give
the software of 9 out of 10 you've got
some cool stuff from Wacom last category
of course is fulfillment does it do what
it was designed to do is it worth the
money and it answers yes of course all
Wacom products are really great this is
just another great tablet from Wacom it
is as I said $199 for the small Edition
it's definitely worth the prices it's
relative it's relatively cheap for for
what you're getting I mean this is a
very high quality tablet for only $200
nice big active area actually so yes
it's definitely worth the money I give
it a 10 out of 10 for fulfillment so
overall the Wacom Intuos for small
Edition gets a nine point five out of
ten great tablet from Wacom only $199
definitely recommend you pick one up
[Music]